Hello, my name is fake and today I'll show you
how to make heart failure way
we will use our range max planck
for the corporation surfaces flows by
on Thursdays and this pretty much it
Let's count to start Let's use
our range of action for the difficult heart
on the wood with the help of a spatula
edson
to remove the class boss some
irregularities that wood may have
let's use it get to 120 and alex
we always advise you to use the
Protective material like gloves and mask
after calculation of the wood
let's use our primary looks
with the help of a water wolf and a
trench scut
Let's apply richa again now to
talk is meant in the application of
primary care and to complete a caring
of our range of higher flow on site
it's such a bad cover basic
thing and quick drying
use appropriate tools and materials
for each team work is essential
to do quality work
allows a level never such a course where
can match the colors of your furniture
things for them to your house
for more information consult our
site or else you lose more if